Two-fer rewrite - draft (#1)
kytrinyx/problem-specifications: exercises/two-fer/introduction.md

# Introduction

`Two-fer` or `2-fer` is short for _two for one_.

The name `two-fer` is used in some English-speaking countries when providing an offer or discount.
It comes from the pronunciation of "two for".
In some dialects of English, when you say "two for" quickly or in casual conversation, it sounds like "two fer".

> Imagine a store that sells a particular t-shirt for $10.
> For Valentine's day, they might provide a special offer for couples where if you buy two shirts of the same design (even if the size is different), then you get the second one for free.
> This would be a two-fer, since you get two for the price of one.
> 
> Similarly, some concert venues will offer a discount if you buy two tickets instead of just one.
> 
> In this exercise you have bought two cookies for the price of one.
> You are going to (very generously) share with a friend.

Reviewer: I think we can remove the other examples, and just stick with the cookie example.

```suggestion
Imagine a food store that has a Valentine's discount where you can buy two cookies for the price of one ("two-fer one!"). You've gone for the offer and (very generously) decided to share the extra cookie with a friend!
```

Reviewer: (see my first point on https://github.com/kytrinyx/problem-specifications/pull/2#issuecomment-1433452680 for context)

Author: I like that. I erred on the side of more examples and context than less, but I really like the shorter version that just goes straight to the cookies.

# Introduction

> In some dialects of English, when you say "two for" quickly or in casual conversation, it sounds like "two fer".
> Two-for-one is a way of saying that if you buy one, you also get one for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some English accents, when you say "two for" quickly, it sounds like "two fer".
Two-for-one is a way of saying that if you buy one, you also get one for free. 
So the phrase "two-fer" often implies a two-for-one offer.
```

- Change dialect to accent.
- Removed "casual conversation"
- Added a final sentence to bring the paragraph together.
